hi guys EVP man with tablets for me and
today we're gonna do review of a case
for the Samsung Galaxy Note 4 this case
is the unicorn beetle series premium
hybrid case the bumper case brought to
us by sub case and brilla tech so this
case is made out of two materials what
you have is a TPU material on the sides
which is giving you kind of a satin
finish matte finish as you can see here
with some with the edges the edges are
kind of glossy but it's not a slippery
material so it doesn't feel like it's
gonna slip out of your hands anyway and
then the back it's made out of a
transparent what is called polycarbonate
material so this is a hard plastic and
it's going to do two things it's gonna
protect your phone from scratches but at
the same time it's going to still allow
folks to see that you have a galaxy s4
because the logos and everything will
show straight through so let's take a
look at how our phone fits inside the
case and review all the cutouts so I'm
gonna go ahead and take our note and
insert it in the case what I like doing
is anytime I take the phone I like
always starting on the battery side so
all you do is because of the TPU
material on the sides all you do is put
one side in and then you just push the
other side in just like that
and the case is on now I have a tempered
glass screen protector on mine so you'll
see that the glass is a little bit
raised but we'll take a look at all the
cutouts and how the screen actually is
protected with this case so looking at
the back first of all you'll notice that
you can see that your logo your Galaxy
Note 4 zoom in to this you can see that
nicely so you do note 4 right there then
you also have your met your telephone
carrier logo shows up on the back you
see that your speaker grille is exposed
and it's also not flush so that's a nice
feature there on the back here let's put
that at an angle or you can see the
because this is kind of a slimline case
I'd say this is really close to the lens
let's put it right there in a corner you
can see it's almost flush so this is
probably not one of those cases I'd say
that are gonna be counter friendly that
you can put down like this
you still have access to the sensors
where you can place your finger that's
not a problem there but I'm not too
happy about how close you have that the
camera to the corner but again this
seems to be a slimline case I do like
the way all the way around you have a
TPU treatment combined with that hard
plastic it gives it a nice look and also
the frosted material combined with the
black is nice on the bottom you'll
notice that your pinhole mics align
nicely and also you have your micro USB
charging port you have your stylus
accessible it's easy to get access to
and this supports some of those wider
chargers you don't have to worry about
that on the top here you have your
headphone jack generous hole which is
good you have your pinhole mic there and
then what you have here is your IR
blaster so that's exposed as well on the
front you'll notice that you do have
again this is a slimline case and if I
were to put this in an angle here and
load us that there is some depth there I
have a glass screen protector on so that
adds a raise to the screen a little bit
but you have some decent protection
there once again not super deep because
this is a slimline case but still
adequate on the corners he has
substantial corners they're gonna
protect your phone here your phone does
fall and all in all if you're looking
for a slimline TPU case with the
exception I'd say oh there that camera
lens being so close so flushed with this
hard plastic area now it's a good
looking case so once again this was our
review of the suck case unicorn beetle
series premium hybrid protective bumper
case for the Samsung Galaxy Note 4 if
you have any comments or questions about
this case please leave it on the youtube
channel I'll include the link don't
forget to Like subscribe and share
thanks for watching